give it up Gabe
they have a combats offering here
Roger that
coordinates are 50% logged in
that's 75% locked in
I have them now just a few more seconds
now is in the air
come to teach me another lesson bishop
we both know it's too late for that
this is all so surreal isn't it I never
thought it could go this far
it's over now for you maybe you need to
help Gabe we can get that for you help
huh you think I need help look at what I
accomplished without you
I have smarted you Logan even six what
did you accomplish Gabe I have you
betrayed everyone who ever trusted you
no you let me down you always covered
for me every fucking time of course I
did of course you did bishops fucked up
that's all I've ever been
you never let me deal with my own
mistakes you always had an excuse for me
six wanted you out I defended you you
always tried to control me you never let
me show you how good I was now I've
shown you Gabe stand down more orders
move out fall in fuck you now it's all
payback
what's the rainbow body count Sharon
Khan echo team payback who's next
your dog Logan I'm better than he ever
was and you promoted him your friends do
you even have friends oh yeah I know all
about gates this isn't worth it
the right thing yeah let six no I'm
ready to talk
Bishop I never thought I'd see the day
to completely throw the rulebook out the
window as of now your position Academy
is terminated although instead of
speaking
joining me in he referred as a deputy
director it's been a long day let's get
out of here
you